DOCS-6066 Update email/SMS OTP custom flow guide (#981)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/custom-flows/email-sms-otp.mdx

There are multiple ways to set up passwordless authentication in Clerk such as using [Clerk Components](/docs/components/overview), or by creating a [custom flow](#custom-flow) using Clerk's SDKs.

The rest of this guide will explain how to set up passwordless authentication using any of the above methods. Before you start, you will need to [configure](#configuration) your instance to allow passwordless sign-ins.

<Callout type="info">
  Looking for email links? Check out our [Email links authentication](/docs/custom-flows/email-links) guide.
</Callout>

<Callout type="info">
  Looking for two-factor authentication (2FA)? Check out our [Multi-factor authentication](/docs/custom-flows/mfa) guide.
<Callout type="warning">
  This guide is for users who want to build a *custom* user interface using the Clerk API. To authenticate users with one-time passwords using a *prebuilt* UI, you should use Clerk's [Account Portal pages](/docs/account-portal/overview) or [prebuilt components](/docs/components/overview).
</Callout>

## Before you start

> - You need to create a Clerk Application in your [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/). For more information, check out our [Set up your application](/docs/quickstarts/setup-clerk) guide.

Reviewer: Why get rid of the before you start?

Also, if we're cutting it here, we should cut it here as well:
- https://clerk.com/docs/custom-flows/sign-out
- https://clerk.com/docs/custom-flows/invitations#before-you-start
- https://clerk.com/docs/custom-flows/mfa
- https://clerk.com/docs/custom-flows/email-links

Author: yes, all of custom flows are being worked on one page at a time.

> This guide will walk you through how to build a custom SMS OTP sign-up and sign-in flow. If you would like to use email OTP instead, the process is similar, and the differences will get pointed out along the way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will walk you through how to build a custom SMS OTP sign-up and sign-in flow. The process for using email OTP is similar, and the differences will be highlighted throughout.
```

> 2. Go to **User & Authentication > [Email, Phone, and Username](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=user-authentication/email-phone-username)** in the sidebar menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to **User & Authentication > [Email, Phone, Username](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=user-authentication/email-phone-username)** in the sidebar menu.
```
![image](https://github.com/clerk/clerk-docs/assets/5156915/cc2fb09c-38db-43ef-bc8a-654c11e225c2)

Please also make this change in:
- https://clerk.com/docs/custom-flows/email-password
- https://clerk.com/docs/custom-flows/email-links

> 3. In the **Contact information** section, ensure *only* **Phone number** is enabled. This will allow users to add phone numbers to their accounts. If you would like to use email OTP instead, you can enable the **Email address** option instead of the phone number option.

Reviewer: Can you not enable this feature if Email address is enabled, or is this restriction only for this example?

Reviewer 2: You can use both at the same time. The code example doesn't show that, but you can definitely use both at the same time.

Reviewer: Ah, okay. If so, we should drop the text telling them to ensure that only Phone number is enabled

> 4. In the **Authentication strategies** section of this page, ensure *only* **SMS verification code** is enabled. Ensure **Password** is toggled off, as you are priotirizing passwordless, SMS OTP-only authentication in this guide. If you would like to use email OTP instead, you can enable the **Email verification code** strategy instead of the SMS strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **Authentication strategies** section of this page, ensure *only* **SMS verification code** is enabled. Ensure **Password** is toggled off, as you are prioritizing passwordless, SMS OTP-only authentication in this guide. If you would like to use email OTP, you can enable the **Email verification code** strategy instead of the SMS strategy.
```
Same Q as above: Is SMS OTP not possible when **Email verification code** is enabled?

Reviewer 2: Same answer -- you can use both at the same time.

Author: Then, we can add something about "you can use both at the same time, but make sure you handle both cases in your flow" something like that but for the sake of the guide, its prioritizing SMS only

Author: addressed - [eafa136](https://github.com/clerk/clerk-docs/pull/981/commits/eafa1360a821825ac98b5c59b971c834156f9954)

> To sign up a user using an OTP, you need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sign up a user using an OTP, you must:
```

1. Initiate the sign-up process by collecting the user's identifier, which for this example is a phone number.
2. Prepare the verification, which sends a one-time code to the given identifier.
3. Attempt to complete the verification by supplying the one-time code.
4. If the verification is successful, complete the sign-up process by creating the user account and setting their session as active.

> In the following example, the user is asked to provide their phone number. Once the user submits their phone number, a one-time code is sent to them. The user is then prompted to enter the code to complete the sign-up process. If the verification is successful, the user's session is set as active. To ease the development process, Clerk-related error messages will be displayed on the user interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example:
1. The user is asked to provide their phone number.
1. Once the user submits their phone number, a one-time code is sent to them.
1. The user is then prompted to enter the code to complete the sign-up process.
1. If the verification is successful, the user's session is set as active.

To ease the development process, Clerk-related error messages will be displayed on the user interface.
```
I suggest we break this up so it's easier to read.

Reviewer: I didn't see any errors in the UI. Do you mean in the console?

Author: oh it doesn't exist in the nextjs examples - I can add it

Author: addressed - [7f8ea58](https://github.com/clerk/clerk-docs/pull/981/commits/7f8ea58f22ed67fc3a10cfdbf0ee0319df81d035)

<Tabs type="framework" items={["Next.js", "JavaScript"]}>
  <Tab>

>     For the sake of this guide, this example is written for Next.js App Router but it is supported by any React meta framework, such as Remix or Gatsby.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example is written for Next.js App Router but can be adapted to any React meta framework, such as Remix or Gatsby.
```

>           // This mainly for debuggin while developing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          // This mainly for debugging while developing.
```
I think this typo appears elsewhere in the code in this PR as well

          // Once your Instance is setup this should not be required.
          if (completeSignUp.status !== 'complete') {

>             console.error(JSON.stringify(completeSignUp, null, 2));

Reviewer: When testing the code, I did actually end up here. Is that intended if I'm testing this example with a development instance? Also if I was a user I wouldn't be sure what to do if I got this result.

Reviewer 2: A user shouldn't end up here -- this is because the developer has something enabled like MFA or is requiring username or name and those were not passed.

Reviewer: I think the comment above this code should mention something along those lines so it's explicit

Author: added - [06ee63e](https://github.com/clerk/clerk-docs/pull/981/commits/06ee63e9d0d5d04a55f13bffbf19ad7f10ef071d)

                        });

                      // Now that the user is created, set the session to active.
                      await Clerk.setActive({ session: verify.createdSessionId });
                    } catch (error) {
                      errorContainer.removeAttribute("hidden");
                      errorContainer.innerHTML = error.errors[0].longMessage;
                      console.error(error);
                    }
                  });
              }
            });
          </script>
        </body>
      </html>
      ```
      </Tab>
    </Tabs>

    </InjectKeys>
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

To create a sign-up flow for email OTP, you can use the [`prepareEmailAddressVerification`](/docs/references/javascript/sign-up/email-verification#prepare-email-address-verification) and [`attemptEmailAddressVerification`](/docs/references/javascript/sign-up/email-verification#attempt-email-address-verification). These helpers work the same way as their phone number counterparts do in the above example. You can find all available methods in the [`SignUp`](/docs/references/javascript/sign-in/sign-in) object documentation.

### Create the OTP sign-in flow

> To authenticate a user using an OTP, you need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To authenticate a user with an OTP, you need to:
```
